and the Lord spoke to Moses saying speak
to the children of Israel and get from
them a rod from each father's house all
their leaders according to their fathers
houses 12 rods right each man's name on
his rod and you shall write Aaron's name
on the rod of Levi for there shall be
one rod for the head of each father's
house
then you shall place them in the
tabernacle of meeting before the
testimony where I meet with you and it
shall be that the rod of the man whom I
choose will blossom thus I will rid
myself of the complaints of the children
of Israel which they make against you so
Moses spoke to the children of Israel
and each of their leaders gave him a rod
the piece for each leader according to
their fathers houses 12 rods and the rod
of Aaron was among their rods and Moses
placed the rods before the Lord in the
tabernacle of witness now it came to
pass on the next day that Moses went
into the tabernacle of witness and
behold the rod of Aaron of the house of
Levi had sprouted and put forth buds had
produced blossoms and yielded ripe
almonds
then Moses brought out all the rods from
before the Lord to all the children of
Israel and they looked and each man took
his rod and the Lord said to Moses bring
Aaron's rod back before the testimony to
be kept as a sign against the rebels
that you may put their complaints away
from me lest they die
busted Moses just as the Lord had
commanded him so he did so the children
of Israel spoke to Moses surely we die
we perish we all perish whoever even
comes near the tabernacle of the Lord
must die shall we all uh turley die
[Music]